whats up youtube this video is going to
be my two month review on my RPGSHOW wig
and that is what I'm wearing now and
this is the Khloe Kardashian wig I'll
leave all the specs and everything down
on the bottom bar so if you're
interested in purchasing this wig um I
want to start by saying that I'm in love
this wig is fabulous but really so I had
it for two months and the shedding has
been awesome it's just it's been a
normal amount of shedding its really a
hat I've get a couple strands a day
nothing really major it's normal um the
softness and everything the tangling is
still good although I have to say it's
getting of starting to get a little mad
at here in the back but that's normal
for a wee for fake hair or whatever it's
not bad it's still it's still good for
two months it's still pretty it's very
very good and also and I've worn this
wig every single day since I've got it
two months ago and yeah no complaints um
I do of course I take it off at night
and so on and so forth and when i get
home usually chilling at home i take it
off so I'm not wearing I haven't worn in
constant 24-7 but I have worn it every
day um so the shedding is good this
office is still good and holds curls
pretty well this is a straight wig and
as you can see i got little curls here
in the front um all my pearls have
dropped but for the most part of holes
curls very well the curls do start to
fall after a few hours but my hair has
never gone back to being completely
straight so it will still have a little
bit of a wave pattern in it after a few
days after I've curled my hair but and
still it's good because it looks like a
natural wave so it doesn't look like you
know just old curls it looks pretty good
at these curls on this side or like a
couple days old well very old actually
need to wash my way now I'm gonna wash
it later on tonight but so the party is
still very good as you can see um
I did pluck i did move my part over more
to the side since the since i first got
it and i'll see you might want to check
out my video on that i'm on the video
that i have on my initial process of
when I got this wig and what I did to
make it to achieve the look that it
looks now um see as you can see the hair
still look very good it's a Yaqui
texture so it looks kind of it looks
like kind of like relax african-american
hair the color is wonderful and it does
if you want to add some additional color
to it um the hair it actually does die
and I'm thinking about if I want to die
and get rid of the ombre effect some
kind of sorry get rid of it because I
don't get tired of it but I haven't
decided yet but anyway overall I'm very
very happy with this wig it was a big
investment a big chunk of money that I
invested into this way but it's
definitely worth it I have been able to
stretch my perm my relaxer and i'm
currently 15 weeks post and this wig has
made my stretching process so easy i
don't have to worry about my hair at all
because all my hair is braided up
underneath here so i don't have to even
worry about dealing with the two
different textures because i'm
stretching my perm um but anyway yeah
only complaint that I did have when I
first got the wig it was like really
like the ends look kind of thin and then
at the top was really poofy and had a
lot of value to it um well all I did was
to fix that problem was I washed it and
mom was still wet I just combed it down
and then I put I put it on my wig head
and then I put like a those those
triangles net like the net the holes in
it as you usually put over um if you
have roller set but yeah I just put that
neck on top of it and I just let it and
i flattened it out so that I will lay
flat and ice let it air dry and then
once it dried it blamed flutter and it
wasn't so poofy at the top and look
crazy
but yeah anyway um yeah so I'm really
really loving this RPG showing if you
were looking for anything to see if your
hair will last this wig definitely will
last it probably will last me for
another couple months um if you take
proper care of it if you just you know
just treat any little talk away then
it's gonna not gonna last as long but
yes I have to say um i would definitely
recommend this wig and please make sure
you check out my other video that i did
on this way and this way the 16 inches
in case anybody was wondering um and
they charge pretty pretty high gap
between the lines so it's probably would
have been after twenty twenty-five
dollars for each additional inch or two
inches whatever that you get so yeah um
that's all I have to say about that
anyway thanks for watching me she check
out my other vids and i'll see you guys
next time